About HeyGen

At HeyGen, our mission is to make visual storytelling accessible to all. Over the last decade, visual content has become the preferred method of information creation, consumption, and retention. But the ability to create such content, in particular videos, continues to be costly and challenging to scale. Our ambition is to build technology that equips more people with the power to reach, captivate, and inspire audiences.
Learn more at www.heygen.com.  Visit our Mission and Culture doc here. 

Position Summary

As a Software Engineer, Dev Productivity, you’ll work at the intersection of software development, automation, and infrastructure. Your mission is to streamline engineering workflows, optimize CI/CD systems, build and testing infrastructure, and enhance developer tooling to accelerate software delivery.

Key Responsibilities

Design, build, and maintain high-performance CI/CD pipelines to improve development speed and reliability.
Develop internal tools and automation to reduce friction in engineering workflows.
Optimize build and test infrastructure for faster feedback loops.
Work closely with engineering teams to identify and eliminate inefficiencies in the development process.
Enhance and monitor developer environments to improve developer experience
Advocate for best practices in software development, version control, and release management.
Drive the adoption of automation and tooling that increase engineering efficiency.
Key Qualifications

Strong experience with CI/CD tools like GitHub Actions, Jenkins, GitLab CI, Buildkite, or CircleCI.
Experience with build systems (e.g., Bazel, CMake, Make, Gradle).
Experience with python dependency management (e.g. poetry, uv)
Knowledge of containerization and Kubernetes for scalable builds and testing.
Strong problem-solving skills and a passion for improving developer experience.
Proficiency in scripting and automation with Python, Bash, or Go.
Excellent communication skills and ability to work across teams.
Preferred Qualifications

Experience with docker image build optimization
Experience with bazel
Experience with GPUs
What HeyGen Offers

Competitive salary and benefits package.
Dynamic and inclusive work environment.
Opportunities for professional growth and advancement.
Collaborative culture that values innovation and creativity.
Access to the latest technologies and tools.
Salary Range
$180,000 – 240,000 annually
Please note that the salary information is a general guideline only.  HeyGen considers factors such as scope and responsibilities of the position, candidate's work experience, education/training, key skills, and internal equity, as well as location, market and business considerations when extending an offer.  As part of our total rewards package, HeyGen offers comprehensive benefits including a 401k plan, health benefits, generous PTO, a parental leave program and emotional health resources.

HeyGen is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees.